you always encouraged me to cause a spot
of trouble
so today's the day we finally set a bomb
under this town for what they did to you
got a problem what sort of problem
there's a dead fella in the boot of your
car
surely there's someone we can trust with
a bit of experience of this sort of
thing
i've got the perfect person hey yeah
hey to you too guessing you fellas
aren't you used to being in the hot
water you find yourselves in currently
is that correct
we should consider joining forces to get
the hell out of here and sell those
drugs before
people in this town come back
so let me get this straight your
stepfather is a gangster
his old partner in crown was a fellow
called father mcgraw
we still work together now they're split
up with somewhat acrimonious
that bag of goodies is other grass
you're saying it's priests that are
after us
deadly gangster parisia he's also a
picture of the earth
he likes opera oh just because you
killed people occasionally you can't
like a bit of wagner
[Music]
i want to reassure people that senseless
acts of violence will not go unnoticed
by our father
the lord will have his vengeance it
feels like we're entering into murky
waters here do you know what i mean
it's a dangerous path you're taking here
boys this is pixie hardy she won't just
break you she'll take a kalashnikov to
your heart
these guns aren't going to shoot
themselves
you can't go in there why not well if
you listen closely there's a shootout
going on
whatever you choose however many roads
you travel
i hope that you find some way to make a
little trouble out there
pass me the tequila i said we get pissed
and then just you know hope for the best
good plan real crack team we got here
i love my wife
she loves me i enjoy her company
and i'm never gonna apologize for that
okay everyone hates you we are not the
weird ones
you just grabbed his what no i i dropped
i dropped something
uh hello ma'am i work for the city
every few years we encounter someone
with a
defect you have sex 2.5 times a day on
average
you rarely fight ah
after the injections you will wake up
tomorrow
just like everyone else you'll feel
normal
i don't want to be here where do you
want to go i don't know anywhere
hi karen if you guys are so interested
amazing what are we gonna do
we have to pretend like nothing ever
happened never showed up to our door
hey the first couple has arrived who
wants a tour
how about this one oh that's not a
bedroom
so there's a gun room we're gonna have a
killer weekend
[Music]
it's party time oh my god
we are out of booth i could totally do a
quick booze run
[Music]
gretel yeah
don't you ever want something different
tell me the truth
baby there is something wrong with us
[Music]
does this briefcase look familiar to
anyone
somebody is watching us question why are
we still here
nice tits bro there's nothing wrong with
us
this is love okay it's not working
you need to figure out the game i'm
gonna pop this
is he breathing
mom if you had eight arms what would you
do with the extra ones
hey i would just show them off and call
myself the spider lady good answer mom
[Music]
good night i love you mom
david
the doctors couldn't find anything
physically wrong with your son
think you could have been dreaming wake
up honey
why do you think these people were here
who are they
i was raised in a cold
[Music]
what about i was drowning in a river of
blood
this cold may still be out there
isn't that the boy
there's never any cult she retreated
into a fantasy world
if this is real she needs our protection
now what if it's not
say the words
sir it's all in your head
you have no idea
[Music]
my dad used to say what's remembered
lives it's been a year since
i started out for that goal
i maybe spent too much of my life just
remembering
[Music]
what the nomads are doing is not that
different than what the pioneers did
[Music]
[Applause]
one of the things i love most about this
life is that
there's no final goodbye
let's just say i'll i'll see you down
the road
hey find anything interesting rockstar
[Music]
we have to leave now
is
[Music]
this is lidvark
there is something very very wrong here
we have to go now
it won't let you lead
mrs litvak what won't let me leave
the magic it'll make you see terrible
things
is
the music will find another broken
person
so uh why plymouth for your getaway
adventure whatever this is
uh yeah i went to middlebury and i don't
know i haven't been back to vermont
since graduation i've had the weekend
figured i'd relive the glory days
explore some places i might have missed
[Music]
morning morning hi who is this james's
family owns the place it
made more sense for him to take the
downstairs bedroom than like blow money
on a hotel look it's just kind of weird
i didn't even know that you were coming
you sure the whole schedule of mishap
wasn't just a fun way to say hi
so you and blake uh sorry if i'm getting
in the way of the weekend or whatever
this is supposed to be i'm not trying to
be there it seems to enjoy the company
it's hard when it feels like my only
options are frivolous or forever you
know okay so what are you looking for
something in between and then everybody
uh
i guess i'll swim
um but i don't know who you were six
hours ago
and now like a couple algorithms and
we're all here
together oh come on james you gotta ask
her about that one
i just think it's wild something so big
it happens somewhere so small
[Music]
time for round two why are we doing this
aren't you having fun james i'm having
fun see she's having fun i asked who do
you think is hiding something
you know i had a professor tell me once
she didn't teach because she loved it
she's good at it
and tenured what about blake is he love
or is he tenure
i don't get crushes on people anymore
you need to listen to me captain because
i'm about to tell you something that
cannot leave this office is that
understood
all right but it better be damn good
my brother and i
were born with the ability to see things
like clairvoyance
we have visions
he's extremely dangerous captain
we need help what did you do to my
brother
it's not a suicide bow was murdered
[Music]
milk looked exclusive
is
[Music]
fantastic
what's up
[Music]
um
me
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
my
you